# 2017-09-30

---

## Stopping by Woods on a Snowy Evening

tags: English

by ROBERT FROST

```
Whose woods these are I think I know.   
His house is in the village though;   
He will not see me stopping here   
To watch his woods fill up with snow.   

My little horse must think it queer   
To stop without a farmhouse near   
Between the woods and frozen lake   
The darkest evening of the year.   

He gives his harness bells a shake   
To ask if there is some mistake.   
The only other sound’s the sweep   
Of easy wind and downy flake.   

The woods are lovely, dark and deep,   
But I have promises to keep,   
And miles to go before I sleep,   
And miles to go before I sleep.
```

Author wrote this peotry in a good rythm.
Specifically, the words in the 1st, 2nd, and 4th sentences share the same rythm.
At the same time, the word in 3rd setence becomes the rythm in next stanza.

The horse rider went through some woods.
He stoped because he knows the owner of these woods.
The timing was evening, so the owner must be home then, or at least in the village.
He also noticed that the snow landed on the surface of the woods.

We know there was no shed nearby.
All they could see were woods, frozen lake, and of course the snow.
We also know that the date was probably near 21th December of that year, if it's literally `the darkest evening of the year`.

Meaning of Harness:
* n: a set of straps and fittings by which a horse or other draught animal is fastened to a cart, plough, etc. and is controlled by its driver.
* v: put a harness on (a horse or other draught animal).
* v: control and make use of (natural resources), especially to produce energy.
Obviously we should take the first interpretation here. 
If we look at the illustration of horse harness in [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Horse_harness), we could even know some other components like collar, girth, trace or tug, and rein.

Have no idea why he needed to shake the harness bells. What mistake did he want to check?
Probably it was because the scene is so serene that he'd take too long to stay in this snowy night.
He needed to leave immediately as there were miles to go.
Maybe he ordered a room in hotel or somewhere else.
